Adding developer meetings page (#193)
kokkos/kokkos.github.io: content/dev_meetings/kokkos_kernels.md

---
title: "Kokkos Kernels devs meeting"
date: "2025-08-28"
---

Overview
--------

> The Kokkos Kernels developers meeting is intended to give a time to the developers to meet and discuss the needs of the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kokkos Kernels developers meeting is intended to provide a platform for the developers to meet and discuss the needs of the library.
```

> The discussion typically focuses on new features development, algorithms improvements, bug fixes, platforms support, interaction and support for vendors libraries and community events organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The discussion typically focuses on new feature development, algorithm improvements, bug fixes, platforms support, interaction and support for vendor libraries and community events organization.
```

> Occasionally new reseach topics in linear algebra, linear solvers and adjacent topics are scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, new research topics in linear algebra, linear solvers and adjacent topics are scheduled.
```

Connect
-------

> * **Slack channel:** [# kokkos-kernels](https://kokkosteam.slack.com/archives/CMZDYKZ96)

Reviewer 2: Is that a Kokkos Kernels support channel or also for developers

Author: That's the general Kokkos Kernels channel for support so it should be appropriate for new people to ask initial questions about the meeting there.

>   (Contact the leads to get invited)

Reviewer 2: You might want to spell out how to find out who the leads might be.

* **Mailing list:** (TBD)

Meetings
--------
* Schedule: one meeting every two weeks on Thursdays at 10am Mountain Time.

> * [Meeting link (Zoom)](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/97120554343?password=4811bf7d-9296-4d3d-903a-6cbcc5492524)

Author: That's a good point, I removed the "password" part of the link.

Meetings
--------
* Schedule: one meeting every two weeks on Thursdays at 10am Mountain Time.

> * [Meeting link (Zoom)](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/97120554343)

Author: Ugh, they could give you the option to type in the password if you have it...
